Deprecate getWithDefault (#554)
emberjs/rfcs: text/0554-deprecate-getwithdefault.md

The problem with `getWithDefault` is that its behaviour is confusing to Ember developers. The API will only return the default value when the value of the property retrieved is `undefined`. This behaviour is often overlooked when using the function where a developer might expect that `null` or other _falsy_ values will also return the default value.

Given the JavaScript language will soon (currently in Stage 3) give us the appropriate tool for this use case using the [Nullish Coalescing Operator `??`](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-nullish-coalescing), we can deprecate usage of `getWithDefault` and use that instead.

## Transition Path

Ember will start logging deprecation messages for `getWithDefault` usage. 

We can codemod our current usage of `getWithDefault` with the equivalent behaviour using plain JavaScript. The migration guide will cover this example:

Before:

```js
import { getWithDefault } from '@ember/object';

let result = getWithDefault(obj, 'some.key', defaultValue);
```

After:

```js
import { get } from '@ember/object';

let result = get(obj, 'some.key');
if (result === undefined) {
  result = defaultValue;
}
```

#### Using Nullish Coalescing Operator

> We cannot codemod directly into the nullish coalescing operator since the expected behaviour of `getWithDefault` is to only return the default value if it is strictly `undefined`. The nullish coalescing operator accepts either `null` or `undefined` as _falsey_ values to show the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We cannot codemod directly into the nullish coalescing operator since the expected behaviour of `getWithDefault` is to only return the default value if it is strictly `undefined`. The nullish coalescing operator accepts either `null` or `undefined` to show the default value.
```

let nullValue = getWithDefault(obj, 'nullValue', defaultValue);
```

The nullish coalescing operator (`??`) **will return** the default value when the provided value is `undefined` or `null`:

```js
let defaultValue = 1;
let obj = {
  nullValue: null,
};

// Returns defaultValue 1, undefinedKey = 1
let undefinedValue = get(obj, 'undefinedKey') ?? defaultValue;

// Returns defaultValue 1, nullValue = 1
let nullValue = get(obj, 'nullValue') ?? defaultValue;
```

This can be an option if we are aware that either `null` or `undefined` should return the default value.

Tooling Support:

- [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) already supports the [nullish coalescing operator](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/next/babel-plugin-proposal-nullish-coalescing-operator.html) so we can use that for future use cases where we need to check if a property is `null` or `undefined` before applying a default value.

- [TypeScript](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript), similarly, as of [version 3.7](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-3-7/#nullish-coalescing) also supports the operator so we will not be breaking that flow either.

#### Using Object Destructuring With Defaults

> If we are only looking to check If both `null` or `undefined` should return the default value in a particular use case, using [object destructuring](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment) with defaults can also be an option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we would like to return the default value if the existing value is falsey, using [object destructuring](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment) with defaults can also be an option.
```

> Object destructuring with defaults **will return** the default value when the provided value is `undefined` or `null`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Object destructuring with defaults **will return** the default value when the provided value is _falsey_:
```

```js
let defaultValue = 1;
let obj = {
  nullValue: null,
};

// Returns defaultValue 1, undefinedKey = 1
let { undefinedKey = defaultValue } = obj;

// Returns defaultValue 1, nullValue = 1
let { nullValue = defaultValue } = obj;

> ```

Reviewer: Can you also add an example for `falseValue: false`?

- Start Date: 2019-11-08
- Relevant Team(s): Ember.js
- RFC PR: https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/554
- Tracking: (leave this empty)

# Deprecate getWithDefault

## Summary

Deprecate support for `getWithDefault` in Ember's Object module (@ember/object) – both the [function](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/functions/@ember%2Fobject/getWithDefault) and the [class method](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/classes/EmberObject/methods/getWithDefault?anchor=getWithDefault) – because its expected behaviour is confusing to Ember developers.

## Motivation

The problem with `getWithDefault` is that its behaviour is confusing to Ember developers. The API will only return the default value when the value of the property retrieved is `undefined`. This behaviour is often overlooked when using the function where a developer might expect that `null` or other _falsy_ values will also return the default value.

> Given the JavaScript language will soon (currently in Stage 3) give us the appropriate tool for this use case using the [Nullish Coalescing Operator `??`](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-nullish-coalescing), we can deprecate usage of `getWithDefault` and use that instead.

Reviewer 2: Some text should be added here: Ember can only suggest nullish coalescing syntax once Ember CLI supports that syntax out of the box. It should be supported in a stable release of Babel, but additionally we need to be sure that `ember new` includes that version of Babel.

And the deprecation instructions should explain how to get the proper version installed.

- RFC PR: https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/554
- Tracking: (leave this empty)

# Deprecate getWithDefault

## Summary

Deprecate support for `getWithDefault` in Ember's Object module (@ember/object) because its expected behaviour is confusing to Ember developers.

## Motivation

The problem with `getWithDefault` is that its behaviour is confusing to Ember developers. The API will only return the default value when the value of the property retrieved is `undefined`. This behaviour is often overlooked when using the function where a developer might expect that `null` or other _falsy_ values will also return the default value.

Given the JavaScript language will soon (currently in Stage 3) give us the appropriate tool for this use case using the [Nullish Coalescing Operator `??`](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-nullish-coalescing), we can deprecate usage of `getWithDefault` and use that instead.

## Transition Path

Ember will start logging deprecation messages for `getWithDefault` usage. 

We can codemod our current usage of `getWithDefault` with the equivalent behaviour using plain JavaScript. The migration guide will cover this example:

Before:

```js

> let result = getWithDefault(obj, ‘some.key', defaultValue);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
import { getWithDefault } from '@ember/object';

let result = getWithDefault(obj, ‘some.key', defaultValue);
```

```

After:

```js

> let result = get(obj, 'some.key');

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
import { get } from '@ember/object';

let result = get(obj, 'some.key');
```

if (result === undefined) {
  result = defaultValue;
}

> ```

Reviewer 4: ```js
let result = get(obj, 'some.key') || defaultValue;
```

Is this an alternative option?  Also, should the codemod require `get` or can we use plain property accessors?

Author: I think it makes sense to use `get` to minimize behaviour differences

Reviewer 5: Codemodding paths and interpolated paths will be significantly harder as well:

```js
getWithDefault(obj, 'foo.bar');
getWithDefault(obj, `foo.${key}`);
getWithDefault(obj, path);
```

I'd also suggest to codemod towards `get` and then potentially run another codemod from `get` towards native accessors in the future.

Reviewer 6: FWIW, there is already a codemod for `get()` to native: https://github.com/ember-codemods/es5-getter-ember-codemod. (at least for simple properties, no paths yet)

And someone even suggested covering `getWithDefault()` already: https://github.com/ember-codemods/es5-getter-ember-codemod/issues/1 😝
